---
# You don't need to edit this file, it's empty on purpose.
# Edit theme's home layout instead if you wanna make some changes
# See: https://jekyllrb.com/docs/themes/#overriding-theme-defaults
layout: default
---

The USU Bio Nerd Herd is a programming group that meets regularly
(weekly or fortnightly, depending on our schedule) in the Pearse Lab
(BNR 132) on Fridays at 4pm. It’s open to undergraduates, graduate
students, post-docs... anyone who’s interested in trying out
biological programming and learning something new. Oh yes, we also eat
pizza and go to Buffalo Wild Wings quite a lot!

Each meeting is different, but we often have talks from people outside
the group, perhaps describing some biological programming they’ve
conducted to help them in their research, or coming to us to figure
out the solution to a problem they’re facing. Each semester we work
towards a Day of Code, where we all sit down and try to create
something that other people will find useful! Last semester, we
created an R package that builds a trait database with over 3,500,000
pieces of data, and we’re submitting a manuscript describing it to a
peer-reviewed journal.

If you’re interested, send an email to will.pearse@usu.edu. You can,
of course, just turn up, but it might be best to check the schedule
and make sure you know what we’re doing that week (we might be going
out for pizza!).

Take a look at our two current projects - [Not A Trait
DataBase](https://github.com/willpearse/natdb) and [Not A Community
DataBase](https://github.com/pearselab/nacdb)!